MATT PARKER: I am very happy to invite to the stage.
My friends are also famous "that online guys":
Today he wore a T裇 that was not completely red.
Please welcome Tom Scott to the stage with applause!
TOM SCOTT: Thank you!
Remote control? Matt, where are you remotely placed?
what! well. Black remote control, black table. Awesome.
Hello everyone, my name is Tom Scott! Hello everyone!
Great, you are still alive. I accidentally became an expert in emoji.
I didn't plan - and, sorry, let me declare this first.
This speech will be more crude than I am.
There are two reasons for this:
First: I should rehearse well, but I don't have it;
And second, I hate shtick,
I don't like being called "some famous guys."
However, there are quite a few shicks in my experience.
I was once known as the "pirate guy", and that year was really bad.
Now I am also known as the "painting guy". I am not intentional.
I did not do it on purpose. However, I had an idea with a friend.
We designed a mobile communication software that can only send emoji.
Even the username must be emoji.
Then we have 70,000 people registered because they scream
"What? I want to use my emoji as my username? What should I do?"
And it turns out that you can still write swear words in essays with great creativity.
We thought that we didn't need to filter the swearing.
We added filtering. There are many, many short melons.
We destroyed the software in just one year.
But after I created this, full-size emoji keyboard.
The so-called full size is 14 keyboards, with a lot of emoji, all connected together.
Because of this, I finally learned
Most of the technical details of the emoji.
And I became an emoji expert, even
The second broadcaster called me and asked me, "Can you bring your keyboard to the past?"
I thought to myself: radio. keyboard...?
Even for a moment, they asked me like this:
"You can... what do you hear when you type?"
"Keyboard sounds."
So, I went to the radio. So I am an accidental and somewhat dry emoji expert.
This is the original emoji.
These are the first essays that have appeared in history.
I think they are colored here, normal will not,
However, an engineer in Japan decided to have -
Because of the computer [some reasons] (only ten details in ten minutes)
There is still a little space.
There is a concept called character encoding, which means
Convert the characters we entered into 0 and 1
So that the computer can understand.
Is the United States the first to adopt coding? At least they have created a global version.
Not bad, you have A to Z, 0 to 9, not using a lot of vacancies.
Japan uses more characters, so it takes a little more space.
And because of the computer [some reasons], they still have a little space left.
Therefore, an engineer said: "In fact, we can add pictures."
In fact, basically, each character is sent a different picture.
Just add more. Therefore, the first batch of emoji appeared.
Some vehicles, some star symbols, some numbers.
These are only used on a single telephone network.
Then other telephone networks said, "That is a good idea!"
"We want it." But the [coding] system they use is completely different and incompatible.
Then the third phone network did the same thing. This is no problem.
They are separated and separated.
Then, the Unicode Alliance appeared!
Sounds like the bad guys in science fiction, but they are actually
a group of linguists and computer scientists responsible for ensuring
Everyone can talk to each other online.
The reason why people in Japan can send you a short message in Japanese,
And the SMS can be delivered to your mobile phone intact, because there is a Unicode Alliance.
This is the most amazing of the computer standardization work.
They went to France. They look at France,
They said, "You are quite like English, no problem.
You have a letter that is not too strange, and that's fine.
We can take it - thank you, we will put your letters...
... put this position in the coding standard. Are you ok? You are done. "
Ok, they went to Russia and nearby places. they said,
"Hey, the letters you use are completely different.
Ok, no problem. We will store your letters
Oh! Sorry, Belarus, you have other letters.
Ok, we will store all the letters here,
Then put it in this position. "
Then they went to Japan, and then they said, "Ghosts..."
"Okay, Japan, OK, no problem, everything here.
Let's put it in this position... OK, no problem, this line,
We are going to put them in the standard..."
"Japan, what are those?"
Japan said: "I use emoji, we use these to communicate."
"Those are not letters."
"Don't care. We use these to communicate. They are characters."
"You have to include them. You know, two-way...?"
"What do you think?"
"In this way, we have made the United States smile, after all, aren't we?"
"Okay, okay, Japan, we have to take care of these,
Then put them there,
No one will pay attention. "
No one really cares, then Apple is here.
Apple wants to sell iPhones in Japan.
So they put in the emoji keyboard,
No one has found it in a short time.
Then in the UK - sorry, in the United States - one person found:
"Hey, I can pass it on to my friends!"
Therefore, they passed a message. Their friends asked: "How are you...
how did you do it? let me see! "
Soon, this ready-made "a glimpse" was red with the virus outbreak.
I think this is a dysentery.
Now we have emoji cushions and emoji pillows.
This was taken by my friend Dan. He strolled around Dalston.
I found a emoji pillow and found another store...
It turns out that there are many shops in Dalston that sell emoji pillows, if you are interested in buying one.
This is the motto of the Unicode Alliance:
It is "to let people around the world use computers in any language."
This is how the world understands "painting and writing" - 呃, unity -
"Imagination Alliance"! I thought about it and said it was wrong.
This is how the world understands the motto of the Unicode Alliance:
Therefore, Unicode 9 was introduced shortly. See how I understand that they announce to the world:
They said, "Hey! Everyone! Unicode 9 just launched, great!"
"There are Osa letters in it!" Osage is
New letters designed only a few years ago. This is amazing.
"And the Georgia Larry symbol!" The new currency symbol is also included.
They just sat at the parliamentary meeting,
There is constant debate between representatives of different countries.
Arguing how to join a language,
Because joining a language is actually complicated.
The world only said "oh".
"By the way," they said, "We have some new emoji."
Suddenly we are tightening!
Does anyone know what this emoji is?
By the way, who knows what this emoji is?
["You!"] Is it me? Yes, this is very close. Really, shout out...
["Victory!"] Victory! correct! Who said it first?
Have a tape measure for the lady...
Ok, I am afraid... I am afraid this is not necessary,
See if we can... oh!
Deviated from one! My movement has always been bad.
Yes, this is a "winning expression". Basically no one uses it like this.
Because it is designed in Japan, the cultural meaning is different.
This is great, so:
The 2016 emoji was released soon.
Below is a part of it. This is from Emojipedia, and there is such a thing in the world.
As long as they thank them, they can use their emoji again.
There is one part here, about half of the candidate characters.
There is a "disgusting face" here. To be honest, this is late.
There is a "duck" here, obviously this is crucial.
There is no "duck's face" here, and it should be included.
There is a "self-timer" here.
So you can now put it next to any emoji.
There is also a "dancing man" here, and I will come back to talk about it later.
They will probably be approved at a meeting in May 2016.
The end of the year should appear on your phone.
probably.
Maybe.
But the interesting – at least for me – is the 2017 emoji.
Because we now have the first few candidate characters.
We may have a "Chinese food takeout box" and "the eyes are upturned and skeptical"
But this is not the most interesting.
Because we have these recently, we have skin color modifiers.
Now, these are very important, these are wonderful,
Because this means that the emoji is not only the default yellow.
Whoever read the "Ason Family" knows that yellow is not a preset neutral.
But: If you want to enter one of them,
Behind the scenes, you have entered ordinary emoji.
Then enter the so-called "colour modifier" or "character label character".
According to the Patrick color scale from 1 to 5 [distinction]. This is a measure of skin tone.
So actually, there are two separate characters first.
Then merge them together.
2017 emoji will have more label characters, if the plan -
As I said, very detailed -
If next year, the plan TR52 is passed.
New tag characters will be used to indicate gender...
Gender, hair color, or even direction.
The direction is simple. It allows everyone to agree, when you want to enter "someone shoots at someone,"
Where should the muzzle point?
This is easy to use... when... I fired at people.
Hair color. It will be black, brown, red, grey, gold and...
Is there anything I have forgotten? Which one did I forget?
["White!"] No...
Bald! That's it! No hair at all. I know there are at least three people here.
The color of the hair is different from the above.
If you disagree with this,
Please find the Unicode Alliance. Don't look for me.
I swear that this is the color of the hair taken from the US driver's license.
And the effective hair color of the UN pass.
I looked at the guidelines, which are the source of the hair color.
So, you can choose different skin colors, different hair colors,
, as well as gender. Gender is especially important because:
On the left is the emoji that Apple uses to represent the "dancer".
On the right is the emoji that Android uses to represent "dancers."
So if you are a woman, you say, "I feel like this today:"
When I got to the Android user, I saw something went wrong.
So now I have separated the "dancing woman" and the "dancing man."
But for other characters, there is a small person.
Plus a gender symbol. This is very good,
Because the current Unicode construction workers are male,
The Unicode receptionist is a woman.
Because it was in the 1980s.
If you think this is ridiculous, my last argument is that
If you think this is ridiculous, make a fuss,
No one cares about these things,
Just for a single detail, I can’t stand it,
Yes, it is true to some extent. Committee meeting
There will be a lot of things to decide.
But if you think this is not your business,
Imagine how everyone feels sitting on the committee.
Because they already have a long list -
I have read the agenda of the recent meeting. I look at it in detail.
It is very exciting inside.
Some of the best linguists,
Some of the best computer scientists,
Some of the best computer science linguists
The decision to be big in that room,
The language decision and how we use it.
The other side, the 2017 news attention
Is there a condom emoji?
I am Tom Scott, thank you and enjoy the rest of the show tonight!
MATT PARKER: Ladies and gentlemen, [just now] Tom Scott!
If we grow up from Tom Scott,
That is shickk happens. (homophonic)
Also, the plan TR52 is going to vote in favor!
That's all. And, Tom [sure enough] really professional YouTuber
On the way he spoke, someone smashed the glass.
He paused and made a clip gap...
TOM SCOTT: I don't care at all!
MATT PARKER: Then I started from the last sentence part,
So, please cut this part in your mind!
v. 01 Written Chinese (HK) by ACWC